Sudipta Sil1. What is Python?- Python is a programming language. We can use Python to process data and complete tasks. Use Python is much more efficient because while we as humans can perform the same tasks, using python would complete the same tasks a lot quicker and with no mistakes. We use python to write code so it can complete the same task over and over again. We have to make sure our code is perfect when we are writing it so that when it performs the task multiple times, there are no mistakes. 2. Explain Data Python Data Types.- Data is all the information on our computers. We use programming to manipulate that data to get what we want done. The instructions we give our computer to complete a task is data. Python data types are the way python interprets the data we will be inputting. Some of the most common data types include, integers(int), floats(float), strings(str), and Booleans(bool). Integers are whole numbers, strings are words or expressions, floats are non whole numbers such as decimals, and Booleans are true/false values.3. What is a function?- In python, a function can be used to perform specific tasks for different input values. It is a black of code that can be used over and over again to perform the same task. Functions are very useful because they manage your code and make it more concise. Functions allow the code to be more readable, reduces repetitiveness within the code. They also are useable so there is no need to write the same code over again which also saves you time. When writing a function, we define by using “def” followed by the name of the function. From there, the next line is indented when writing the operations of the function. We can call the function later on in different parts of our code by specifying its name and inputting our information in parentheses. 4. Explain the Python print statement.- The python print statement is very useful because it is used to display different data types, what output you get after inputting other data, etc. An example of a print statement would be, print(“Hello World”). The output of this would be Hello World. You can use print statements to do a variety of things, such as find out what data type of a variable is. To do this you would use the syntax print(type(“Hello World”)). The output of this would be <class str>, which would tell us that this is a string data type. 